Map & Set insertion order clarifications (#18420)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/javascript/reference/global_objects/set/index.md

## Description

> `Set` objects are collections of values. You can iterate through the elements of a set in insertion order. The insertion order corresponds to the order in which each element was inserted in to the `Set` by the `Set.prototype.add()` method. A value in the `Set` **may only occur once**; it is unique in the `Set`'s collection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Set` objects are collections of values. A value in the `Set` **may only occur once**; it is unique in the `Set`'s collection. You can iterate through the elements of a set in insertion order. The _insertion order_ corresponds to the order in which each element was inserted into the set by the [`add()`](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Set/add) method successfully (that is, there isn't an identical element already in the set).
```
